Iarosel says 'a while ago something happened, might have amused you to hear about.'
You ask 'hmm?'
Iarosel asks 'is Larppa familiar to you?'
You quack 'yes, I "know" him. went to same school too, though I practically never saw him back then, lives about .. uh, 30km away.'
You ask 'what about him?'
Iarosel says 'there is a little song about his famous adventures.'
Iarosel says 'i wrote that.'
Iarosel says 'want to hear.'
Iarosel asks '?'
Iarosel says 'well, here goes anyway, ask it or not...'
*Iarosel plays a short disorderly melody on his flute, his eyes gleaming with enthusiasm.
*Iarosel sings in dark voice.
Iarosel sings 'Great Larppa swam across the deep old lake / in dusky afternoon'
Iarosel sings 'Strange had been his dreams of late / and carbide was the moon'
Iarosel sings 'O Larppa! O ducky! And carbide was the moon'
Iarosel sings 'A creature from the deep then rose / delirious was the sight'
Iarosel sings 'Form of beast no words disclose / a wonder of the night'
Iarosel sings 'O creature! O ducky! A wonder in the night'
*Iarosel extracts sounds from his flute. Even without obvious harmony they make some sense to the ear.
Iarosel sings 'Now Larppa he knew those eyes of flame / faced with this eerie fellow'
Iarosel sings 'Oni of Abyss was her name / and her flippers were yellow'
Iarosel sings 'O oni! O flippers! / She came from deep below'
Iarosel sings 'They danced a fiery dance on waves / embraced in mortal feast'
Iarosel sings 'Larppa unveiled his mighty stave / and overcame the beast'
Iarosel sings 'O ducky! O oni! / He overcame the beast'
*Iarosel plays a short melody.
Iarosel sings 'The spirits of waters share our fate / over Larppa they must swoon'
Iarosel sings 'Such happened to Larppa on deep old lake / when carbide was the moon'
Iarosel sings 'O spirits! O ducky! / So carbide is the moon'
Iarosel sings 'Carbide in the moon'
*Iarosel plays the flute and stomps the ground wildly.
*Iarosel jumps in the air landing with a thump. the song ends.
Iarosel removes a flute from his right hand.
You 'hmmmm' for a moment.
Iarosel bows gracefully.
You quack 'I think you should reinc to a bard some day.'
Iarosel says 'well master, this song was commissioned by Laaban, as a bardic errand.'
You quack 'I see.'
Iarosel says 'I did perform it to Larppa too.'
You quack 'it was quite good, if I may say so.'
Iarosel says 'Larppa himself stood a while in silence, then shook his head, quaked something like 'ox', and walked away.'
You grin evilly.
You quack ':D.'
You quack 'it is the way of things, way of the Larppa.'
Iarosel says 'master Laaban did pick the theme little mischievously, i guess.'
Iarosel smiles happily.
Iarosel says 'i suppose he would have known about Larppa.'
