
Ruuben tells you 'Ok, I am ready to begin the process. Type 'jewelbond'
 again to confirm your decision.'      

"-. hp 667/667 | sp 544/470 | ep 330/330 | exp 1008429 | cash 0/435856 .-"

Ruuben tells you 'Ok, I shall begin the process!'  
The Armourer holds a dull red ruby up to your forehead. Suddenly, it begins
sucking the very life force out of you! You realize you are screaming in agony
when he takes the jewel away and the pain stops. As you catch your breath, you
realize that the jewel is now glowing bright red.
Ruuben tells you 'I am sorry I didn't warn you, but you might have resisted
 if you knew about the pain. You can relax now though, the power has been
 transferred, and it is just up to me to give it to the belt.'   
The Armourer takes your toolbelt that you worked so hard on, and places it on
a large mould. You watch in shock as he places it in a forge, and the various
plates begin to melt; of course, the dragonscale is unharmed. Even more
shocking are the brilliant colors that begin flickering over the belt!
Ruuben tells you 'So far, so good...'    
The Armourer takes the mould from the forge, and carefully places the ruby
above the loop of scale and molten metal. He begins to chant, and lets go of
the stone... and it stays hovering in the air! It begins to spin in place,
throwing off its own beams of light, many of which shine high into the sky!
Ruuben tells you 'Almost done...'     
You hear a deep thunderous boom, which must have come from the ruby! As it
continues to spin, it grows larger, gradually deforming to match the shape of
the belt. It descends, until it finally diappears into the molten metal. With
a final burst of cold air, everything solidifies, and gives no hint of its
previous liquid form.
Ruuben tells you 'CONGRATULATIONS! Few have ever possessed a creation such
 as this, I hope you find it of continual aid in your endeavors. I know you
 will do the Merchant's Guild proud.'      

The ground begins to tremble beneath your feet!
As you look up, you see a bright light rising from BatCity, in all colors of
the rainbow!
The light slowly begins to fade, with first the blues disappearing, and then
the oranges and yellows, until finally there is just a single beam of red
light. And then, finally that fades as well...
Something rare and unusual has definitely just happened.

Ruuben [merchant]: All hail Nuane!!! She has truly earned the rank of Master
 Merchant, and built for herself an incredibly powerful toolbelt!

Your available rank is:
1: [Merchant] Completed your merchant toolbelt, and max level in merches
